Add code of conduct (#61)
Twin-Cities-Mutual-Aid/twin-cities-aid-distribution-locations: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

# Code of Conduct

> The Twin Cities Aid Map comunity welcomes participation from everyone. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Twin Cities Mutual Aid Map community welcomes participation from everyone. 
```

> The Twin Cities Aid Map community welcomes participation from everyone. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Twin Cities Mutual Aid Map community welcomes participation from everyone. 
```

Should probably match the organization and the website url.

Author: Good catch! Thanks.

## Expectations 

> Our community expects that participants:

Reviewer 2: What happens when members don't meet these expectations?

Reviewer 3: From the CfA CoC https://brigade.codeforamerica.org/about/code-of-conduct

> If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the organizers may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or expulsion from Code for America network activities, events, and digital forums.

Author: This is a really good point! Thanks for calling that out. I'll add the CfA language.

* Create a community where members are safe, respected, friendly, and free to fully express their identities
* Provide an environment where people are free from discrimination and harassment
* Take responsibility for their words and actions
* Value everyone’s ideas, skills, and contributions
* Encourage participation, questions, and discussion
* Don’t assume everyone has the same context 

> * Find ways for people to productively contribute their time and skills (technical or not) 

Reviewer 3: What different ways can we welcome, encourage and acknowledge all contributions without having two buckets? I read `technical` here as `code` (and find it easy to read a hierarchy in that relationship) but one could argue that data analysis or any other range of skills are technical. OTC has been working to elevate outreach, process/system mapping, data gathering and analysis and other "non-technical" activities. I know this is a bullet from the CfA CoC (https://brigade.codeforamerica.org/about/code-of-conduct) but welcome ideas.

Reviewer 3: ?
> Value everyone’s ideas and find ways for people to productively contribute their time and skills

Reviewer 4: I like that proposal!

Author: @grebbesen That's a great point. I agree on the hierarchy implication. I'll remove the qualification for now. I do wonder if the context of Github overly implies code and/or if qualification is necessary at all (I'm genuinely not sure). Happy to update with any ideas from others!
